So let's dive into the meat of this course, into the core technologies that make up a progressive web app
and we're going to start with one of the most important ones,
the web app manifest which is just one single file
you add to your project,
we will have done this by the end of the course, where you can pass some extra information to the browser.
Now the browser can take this information to display some things about your application differently
and as you will later in the course learn, the browser depending on which operating system it's running
on
can even allow your app to install itself on the home screen of your user.
That of course is where you want to get, sitting right next to all these native apps which had to be
installed through the App Store,
your app can be installed right from the web.
With the help of the manifest and in this core section here, we're going to learn what makes up such
a manifest, how we add it, how we configure it and how we can see its effect on a mobile device.